hello it's ruby and today i am going to
be
doing a back to university preparation
vlog part 1.
there are a few things i need to do
ahead of the new academic year and
i thought that i would bring you along
on this process
the first thing i need to do is write my
packing list i'm going to write this on
lotion
i'm going to start with toiletries and
i'm going to go with shampoo
conditioner body wash exfoliator
and a sponge i want a razor
i also want to bring some makeup
skincare equals face face
cream exfoliator
cleanser i would also bring some dry
shampoo
a hair brush shower cap
towels hand towel plus
flannel a toothbrush
okay i think that's everything twitter
trees then i'm gonna go on to kitchen
so for kitchen i do actually need to
refer to the inventory list because
the accommodation i'm seeing in next
year actually does provide a lot
of the kitchenware things and i don't
want to accidentally double up on things
here is my inventory so i know that i
want to bring my blender my
non-stick saucepan
i've got this great one it's from lidl
and i love it
i don't think we have a sieve and i use
myself a lot so
we need a wooden spoon oh i bring on
an electric matcha whisk because i have
a match every morning
and i was going to bring this cold cup
two times mugs what's called mason jar
as i was editing this video i realized
that i didn't properly show you in depth
the rest of the packing list and i think
it might be useful too so next we've got
cleaning this is
everything i'm bringing data surface
spray laundry detergent
um yeah it's all pretty self-explanatory
so let me go into deck just about i want
my
university room to be really cozy
especially since i'm going to be doing
most of my studying and most of my
living like
in my accommodation i'm not really going
to be leaving because of chronovirus
so i want to bring quite a few bits
um important thing here laundry hamper
lots of photos i'm going to set up a
dark academia wall like i've got here
then more just aesthetic things say for
example i'm going to bring a teacup
candles i'm finally allowed candles this
year which i'm really excited about
so let me go into bed laundry bag so i
am bringing
snowdrop she's my favorite childhood
soft toy
um hot water bottles blankets sheets and
spare sheets
a throw cushion and an eye mask and then
hobbies this is very like miscellaneous
stuff
yeah so yoga mat for exercise goggles
and some of my board games i'm gonna
bring
playing cards dingbats
and harry potter trivial pursuits oh and
scrabble
then i was gonna bring my hogwarts quake
for halloween but i'm not sure if i will
bike stuff okay so at this point i'm
gonna cut into showing you what i'm
doing for my bike my dad
has been so amazing he's got my bike set
up ready for
when i go to university like getting
everything set up that i need on there
so cut to that yes i am bringing my bike
to university this year because i'm
quite far away from campus
and my dad has been getting my bike
already and like showing me how to use a
bike pump and things which i haven't
done before
[Music]
daddy you really gonna make an espresso
just for the video yeah
yeah well this is dad making his coffee
he's very proud of his coffee system
he's going to show how the bike's coming
along
here's the bike he's got mud guards on
the bike so that when i'm
cycling i don't get mud all at my back
he's also put a light on the front so
that i can see when i'm cycling at night
which is fantastic
yeah i'm really short so dad thought
that we could hire the seats
to put this other light on but i'm too
[Music]
short
youtube related things which is
basically filming equipment like my
tripod
um my camera charges
technology i'm going to bring headphones
and i've also got these mini wireless
headphones
by a company called one more obviously
my laptop
ipad oh and apple
pencil my polaroid camera and my printer
i use this hp printer which is basically
specially designed for student use yeah
it's this one
i think the hp inkjet but when i bought
it i bought it for like 20
so wait for a good sale if you're gonna
buy this printer because i've seen
really good sales on this
personal blue light glasses pass
keychain for my
key passport and watch so pretty basic
actually i mean i probably won't bring
my passport to be fired i don't think i
really need my passport then i've got
cold weather things
books i'm gonna bring which definitely
will change like i'm basically going to
bring like
loads of books for my tbr maybe like 20
recreational books
including book recommendations
for my friends sasha and blakeney and
then finally desk i'm gonna bring
lamp study planners academic planner
bullet journal watercolors
oh letter writing supplies
this lovely resin coaster yes that's
everything on my packing list
i then went through and italicized
anything that i still needed to get
so there are a few things i want to buy
for university before i go back
so the first thing is a really big
purchase i'm going to do it first before
i lose the kind of pluck to buy it
because i know that this will be really
helpful for me to get this is blue bloom
i am going to get some blue light
glasses so these are the ones oh my gosh
they're so expensive
literally so expensive prescription
they've also got a blue light filter so
i can use them for
studying and editing and stuff while i'm
at university
because i do spend a lot of time on my
computer and i do get headaches
okay this is done so this is my basket i
am getting some
food containers screen protectors for my
phone and then a pack of full lighters
and that is literally everything i need
for university apart from cleaning
supplies
i think i might just get those at the
supermarket when i get back to
university
update i found this one which is 5 40
and you only get one but i only really
need one it's the next day and we are
continuing with the university
preparation
the good news is that i now have my
packing list completely finished
but i i'm gonna bring my walking boots i
really want my housemate to bring hers
to
we did speak about both bringing walking
boots we could go on long hikes together
but i'm going to send her a message to
remind her to bring herself
yeah i want to bring a tennis racket but
i need to go and check that we have a
tennis racket i can bring
[Music]
okay there are the tennis racquets no
this is a kids one
oh and that's like really broken no
maybe but i feel like that's a really
weird shape
and then there are these two which are
proper ones i i think this one is my
sister's because it's the better one
so i'll take this one i'm actually going
to use this one but we don't have any
tennis balls because the dogs have eaten
all of them so hopefully blakely has
some but otherwise i will order some i'm
now going to register for the new
academic year which i haven't done yet
it's been open for two days now and i'm
going to re-register
[Music]
[Applause]
next i wrote out my academic goals so
these are basically the
grades i was looking to get in each of
my modules i really want to get a
first in each of my modules this year
and i just wrote a quick note of how i
could
actually achieve that grade okay so i'm
writing up my academic goals here there
is an academic skills section
in the academic planner because this
plan is slightly more tailored towards
school use that
is like space here to write down all of
your subjects
i've done that for my modules but um in
the remaining space i'm just going to
write down
some other academic goals of mine i'm
just going to run through these for you
in case you're interested for
inspiration so
my first goal is to read the news
regularly and apply this to what i'm
reading
my second goal is to be cultural and
look at more art media outside of
literature
and then apply this to my work my third
goal is to plan my coursework way in
advance but not to do too much
pre-reading because
i kind of go a bit overboard usually
and finally some of my seminars it looks
like they're going to be online
i want to make sure that i make an
effort to get to know my seminar leaders
because i feel like it might be harder
to do that this year than usual
i'm gonna update my university bucket
list but i'm gonna type this one so that
i have a copy of it
digitally i feel like that's a good idea
a few of the things that are on here
i want to go paddle boarding in acsmuth
because there's a place really close to
the station where you can do
paddle boarding i want to go back to
extra museum see the accident book in
the cathedral
visit as extra castle which i haven't
done yet have an early morning picnic
and watch the sunrise
a few ideas you might want to add to
your own
okay so i'm gonna have to say goodbye to
my long hair
it's really sad i love having long hair
i think it's
maybe the longest it's ever been it's
like pretty much down to my waist
kind of not quite it's that's you can
get away with just maybe
yeah i feel they might take off two
inches because then i'll just get rid of
like the dead end bit mom's gonna do it
for me she's been begging the whole of
lockdown
but i need to wet it first so i'm going
to have a shower
maybe like that not much but just like
enough that the dead ends are gone
i find this clip so funny because i made
such a big deal
to myself that i was getting my hair cut
and you literally can't even see the
difference
but anyway i hope you enjoyed my
over dramatic response to cutting my
hair when i literally got like an inch
off
okay the hair is
done from the back it looks super
straight
and we had a bit of a fright because
this is this is it from the back when i
did that
it was like this which obviously makes
sense because
you know some of it's coming through
okay it's the next day and this is what
my hair looks
like i feel like mom did a really good
job
i'm very happy with this and it feels a
lot healthier anyway i
am going to round off part one of this
vlog here in the next vlog i probably
will do a big declutter i think it's
good to do one before the end of the
year i've
started with my digital d cluster
already and i feel so much lighter for
it thank you so much for watching this
video i hope you enjoyed it
and i hope that you have a productive
[Music]
week
you